As soon as I entered the student parking lot, I could see all the new cars, many of them luxury car brands.
This is an undergraduate parking lot. As I was looking for a parking space, a blond undergraduate roared past in a shiny white Cadillac down the slope.
Through casual encounters with classmates, often on the Internet, I learned that living in a big house in a wealthy neighborhood is very common.
Many of my classmates bought new luxury cars just to get to school, and there were fancy apartments for parties at school. But those are only material things.
What really surprised me was their attitude towards everyday expenses.
Then I realized how naive I was.
One of my classmates took part in the MBA program under the auspices of scholarships and grants.
He has no money. Although his tuition was waived, he still had to pay for his own daily expenses.
He lives in a shabby neighborhood rather than a luxurious high-rise apartment or a comfortable downtown apartment, close to school.
I live nearby and can hear the sound of police patrols and shootings in his neighborhood.
I don't live in a big place, but at least it's safe. He sleeps on a sofa in a public room, halfway between the gang and the drug business.
Tap water is available at times, but it's cheap, hundreds of dollars a month.
Apparently, he doesn't have a car and usually walks to where he wants to go. He doesn't have many friends because he can't afford to go out with anyone. When we go out, I have to make sure we don't have to spend any money.
He can't even afford food, so he takes a part-time job in the college food service department to earn money and eats the leftover food.
When people eat at popular spots in Beverly Hills and Hollywood, he scrapes through the leftovers from the pot.
However, he never complains about our classmates wasting money.
He understands his worth and is focused on his goals.
He made me feel like a spoiled child, free to spend money and buy myself pancakes whenever I felt hungry.
So how ridiculous I looked at first when I was sad about my relatively poor finances. He showed real determination and pride in his embarrassed life.
And even MBAs have different attitudes towards spending money.
My unscrupulous spending classmates found six-figure-a-year jobs through the power of the Internet after graduation and quickly paid off huge student loans.
But in the meantime, my poor friend is still trying to make money.
King Pygmalion of Cyprus is a famous sculptor.
He portrayed such a lovely ivory maiden that he fell in love with it.
Every day he clothed Galati with gold and purple robes. Galati was the name he gave his sweetheart.
He hugged it and kissed it, but it was still a statue.
Desperate, he came to Aphrodite's temple for help.
He offered abundant sacrifices and prayed affectionately to the goddess to give him a wife who behaved as gracefully as Galati.
When he got home, he went straight to the statue.
As he gazed at it, the statue began to change.
His cheeks began to look faint, his eyes shone, his lips gently opened, and he smiled sweetly.
Pygmalion stood speechless as Galati approached him. She is simple, gentle, full of energy!
Soon her sweet silver bell rang in the room. His sculpture became his wife.
Suppose you're on the beach and the sand gets in your eyes. How do you know there's sand?
Obviously you can't see it, but if you're a normal, healthy person, you can feel a very uncomfortable feeling of sand called "pain."