Bitcoin slipped below $6,000 last Tuesday to its lowest in six weeks in a move echoed by other major cryptocurrencies.
Bitcoin fell as much as 6 per cent to a low of $5,880, its weakest since June 29, according to Reuters data based on the Bitstamp exchange.
"His missions are big and make it difficult to accommodate investors' quarterly expectations. Our guess is there is a one-in-three chance he can actually pull this off."
Seven regions -- Beijing, Tianjin, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Jiangsu, Fujian and Liaoning -- reported a per capita consumption of between 10,000 yuan and 20,000 yuan in the first half of the year.
Data also showed that the top categories people spent money in were food-tobacco-alcohol, housing, transportation and communication.
At a national level, the per capita expenditure for sports and fitness increased by 39.3 percent, while for medical services the increase was 24.6 percent, and for hotel expenses, 37.8 percent.
Per capita expenditures on cosmetics, adult education and pre-school education/training also showed double-digit growth.
China could reduce imports of soybeans by more than 10 million tons this year -- down more than 10% from last year -- because of domestic production and the promotion of soybean substitutes, analysts said.
China's imports of automobiles surged in July after lower tariff rates went into effect, data showed.
In July, China imported 165,000 units of automobiles and chassis, up 50 percent year-on-year, data from the General Administration of Customs showed.
In US dollar terms, the value of imported vehicles jumped 72 percent in July to 7.38 billion dollars.
China has been opening up its doors wider to the world, with a wide range of incentives aimed at expanding imports, including cutting tariffs on vehicles and auto parts.
Many auto brands including Volvo, Audi, and Lexus previously announced plans to reduce prices of cars imported to China after the tariff cuts.
This instability is causing anxiety in Turkey, which sees an economic crisis brewing.
In the long run, a Turkish economic crisis could result in fewer Turks purchasing products from the company.
The mobile gaming industry is gaining greater momentum in China as tech-savvy millennials' purchasing power increases. 
The gaming market grew 5.2% year-on-year to reach 105 billion yuan in the first half of this year, according to a report from industry database Gamma Data Corp.
Mobile gaming accounted for 60.4% of total game sales, contributing 63.41 billion yuan, remaining a main driving force behind the world's largest gaming market.
The number of mobile gamers grew 5.4 percent year-on-year to hit 460 million in the first half, 87 percent of total gamers nationwide. Most players are born in the 1990s and 2000s, a group referred to as millennials.
According to the report, female gamers contributed 24.15 billion yuan to domestic game sales in the first six months of 2018, up 13.5% year-on-year.
China's securities regulator released a statement on amended rules related to the criteria for delisting companies on its stock exchanges.
In the amended rules, companies whose activities harm national security, public safety or the public interest could be suspended or delisted.
For the first time, the list includes actions that threaten public health.
The China Securities and Regulatory Commission (CSRC) also said stock exchanges should be prepared to suspend or delist companies involved in fraud and in violations in major information disclosures.
China set up a delisting mechanism in 2014, but authorities said in March that tougher delisting rules are needed to keep the stock market healthy and protect small investors' interests.
In May, the Shanghai Stock Exchange delisted two companies and the Shenzhen bourse delisted another.
SHANGHAI — For years, Starbucks was the undisputed king of coffee in China.
It single-handedly created a market of coffee drinkers in a nation of tea lovers, cashing in on a wave of affluent Chinese who looked to Starbucks as an aspirational brand. The country quickly became the coffee chain’s second-largest market after the United States.
But Starbucks’s dominance in China is increasingly under attack, as growth begins to slow and competitors aggressively target coffee drinkers. 
On Thursday, in a bid to revitalize its China operation, the company announced what it called a strategic “new retail” partnership with the Chinese tech giant Alibaba.
The duty-free policy in Hainan province will be further eased from December, to boost tourism and domestic consumption.
Domestic and overseas tourists, as well as island residents can make duty-free purchases if they spend no more than 30,000 yuan per person within one year, up from the current limit of 16,000 yuan, the Ministry of Finance said in a statement on its website. There will be no restrictions on purchase frequency.
Some medical apparatus and instruments will be included on the duty-free product list, including hearing aids, visual training machines, and household respiratory support equipment.
Every consumer can buy a maximum of two of these items each time, according to the statement.
"The new change will help bring more luxury products to the Chinese market and convenience for visitors," said Wang Huiping, deputy director of the Hainan provincial finance department, adding that it will attract more visitors to the island and boost the development of the service industry.
According to data from the provincial government, purchases of duty-free products in the province totaled 7.95 billion yuan from January to October, up 23% year-on-year.
Duty-free sales reached 8.016 billion yuan last year, up 32% from 2016.
A collector from the Middle East paid 169,000 euros, three times of the initial estimate of a section of the Eiffel Tower's original spiral staircase at a Paris auction, Artcurial auction house said on Tuesday.
Composed of 25 steps, the 4.3-meter high section, which came from a private collection in Canada, had linked the second and third stories of the Paris landmark "French Iron Lady" built in 1889.
In 1983, the staircase was removed when elevators were installed, and it was cut into 24 sections, with their length ranging from two to nine meters.
One of them has since been preserved on the first floor of the Eiffel Tower and three others have been donated to three French museums.
On Dec 1, 1983, the remaining 20 sections were first auctioned.
In 2016, an Asian collector paid 523,800 euros for a piece of the Eiffel tower's staircase, exceeding its estimate tenfold.
The pilot project was a way to “demonstrate that a coffee cup can be turned back into a coffee cup,” says Jay Hunsberger, VP of sales for North America from Sustana, the mill that recycled the old cups.
At the mill, the cups were mixed with water and ground into a pulp with a seven-foot-tall corkscrew to begin to separate the plastic lining that helps keep coffee cups from getting soggy.
The fibers were screened and washed to finish the separation, then made into sheets and sent to WestRock, a packaging company, to be made into paperboard. At a third company, Seda, the board was printed with the Starbucks logo and shaped into new cups.
“There's a misconception right now in the industry regarding the recyclability of poly-coated paperboard,” says Mike Mueller, senior manager of product marketing at WestRock.
“I think that's a big reason why that type of packaging isn't accepted for recycling today broadly.” WestRock recently began accepting cups, along with paper food packaging, at eight of its own mills.
It's commonly thought that it's difficult or expensive to separate the plastic lining from the cups, or that contamination from coffee is an issue.
But it's no more expensive to recycle cups than other paper, Hunsberger says. And whether they are used or not also doesn't matter. Before the pilot with Starbucks, Sustana already regularly recycled other coated food containers like milk cartons.
One challenge is the supply–if it's hard for a mill to predict how many cups it will get, it makes it hard to run efficiently. But if a mill knows that it will get a continuous stream of a certain percentage of cups, it's not difficult to handle.
“The material does behave a little differently, you do modify your process to be able to handle it, but if it is a consistent add into your process, then you can adapt for it and run it”.
Seattle, New York City, and D.C. are among a handful of other cities that also recycle cups. The latest city to begin recycling paper coffee cups is Denver, which recently sent its first shipment of two truckloads, or around 88,000 cups, to Sustana.
Starbucks uses 10% recycled paper content in its new cups, and aims to double that by 2022. If the retailer decided to source that recycled fiber from its own cups, in the closed loop that it tested in the recent pilot, that might drive more demand for paper mills and local recyclers to accept the cups.
Current paper machine equipment can't make a 100% recycled paper coffee cup yet, but equipment can incorporate more recycled fiber–as much as 40-50%–so Starbucks and other cafes could also aim for more ambitious goals.
China has for the first time disclosed the annual return of its basic pension fund investment.
Total return reached 8.78 billion yuan last year, with an annual return rate of 5.23%, according to new data released by the National Council for Social Security Fund (NCSSF).
This is the first time for the NCSSF to publicize its annual yield since local governments began entrusting the fund in December 2016 with running parts of their vast pool of pension assets for higher yields.
Locally-managed pension funds in China are traditionally stored in banks or used to purchase treasury bills with annual yields up to 2-3 percent, which were close to the so-called risk-free rate that is far below the market average and often depreciated due to inflation.
"The return was nearly two percentage points higher than the risk-free interest rate in the capital market within the same period and reflects the advantage of concentrated investment in the form of funds," Guan Bo, an associate researcher with a government-run institute, said.
NCSSF data also showed the basic pension fund had total assets worth 315.52 billion yuan by the end of last year, while outstanding liabilities stood at 33.62 billion yuan.
It’s one of a growing number of companies incorporating ocean-bound plastic into its supply chain.
HP announced that it is joining a coalition of those companies called NextWave Plastics, founded by Dell and the nonprofit Lonely Whale last year.
“Everybody needs to step up [to solve the problem of ocean plastic], including business, and I see no reason why business shouldn’t be leading,” says Ellen Jackowski, global head of sustainability strategy and innovation for HP.
“Most of the waste just lands on the ground,” she says. “It makes its way into canals and out into the ocean. It’s sitting outside in the elements. It’s filled with mud, there’s salty air, lots of sand–very different properties compared to what you might buy, for example, off the American recycled plastic market.”
“We want to make sure that we test it all the way to make sure that it actually works, and not just look at the potential,” says Lena Pripp Kovac, sustainability manager, Inter IKEA Group.
“It goes through all the steps–whether you can source it, whether the designer can use it, whether it fits all of our democratic design principles. That’s what we want to test.”
“The key is for us as a society to see plastic as value, not as waste. Today everybody sees it as waste. How do we drive enough demand that people see plastic as value and not something that you want to throw away?” says Jackowski.
“Plastic’s a pretty amazing material. We’ve gotten a little carried away with it. So how do we put in the right processes in place in our society so that there’s enough value that we continue to reuse it rather than create more?”
The Thanksgiving Day and Black Friday kickoff of the US holiday shopping season showed the increasing preference for online purchases, as more Americans opted to stay home and use their smartphones, while sales and traffic at brick-and-mortar stores declined.
Black Friday pulled in $6.22 billion in online sales, up 23.6% from a year ago and setting a new high, according to Adobe Analytics, which tracks transactions for 80 of the top 100 internet retailers in the US.
The Friday after Thanksgiving this year also was the first day in history to see more than $2 billion in sales stemming from smartphones, said Adobe Analytics.
Meanwhile, shoppers were seen buying more big-ticket items like appliances, furniture and bulkier electronics from their phones Black Friday, with average order values up 8.5% year over year to reach $146, based on Adobe's data.
Preliminary data from analytics firm RetailNext showed net sales at brick-and-mortar stores fell 4-7% during Thanksgiving and Black Friday, while traffic fell 5-9%, continuing the trend of recent years.
Data from retail research firm ShopperTrak also showed that visits to stores fell a combined 1% over the two days compared with the same days in 2017.
America's farmers have been shut out of foreign markets, hit with retaliatory tariffs and lost lucrative contracts in the face of President Trump's trade war.
But a $12 billion bailout program Mr. Trump created to "make it up" to farmers has done little to cushion the blow, with red tape and long waiting periods resulting in few payouts so far.
According to the Department of Agriculture, just $838 million has been paid out to farmers since the first $6 billion pot of money was made available in September.
Another pool of up to $6 billion is expected to become available next month. The government is unlikely to offer additional money beyond the $12 billion, according to Sonny Perdue, the agriculture secretary.
The program's limitations are beginning to test farmers' patience. The trade war shows no signs of easing, with China and the United States locked in a stalemate that has reduced American farmers' access to a critical market for soybeans, farm equipment and other products.
Europe is planning more retaliatory tariffs on top of those already imposed on American peanut butter and orange juice, and Canada and Mexico continue to levy taxes on American goods, including on pork and cheese.
Mr. Trump, who has had broad support in many farm states, still insists that his get-tough approach to trade will ultimately help American farmers, a position Mr. Perdue reiterated last month when he said farmers are "resilient" and can plan ahead for market conditions.
Volkswagen Group China is planning to team up with partners in 2019 to invest over 4 billion euros (4.5 billion US dollars) in China, in frontier fields including mobility services, electric vehicles and fast charging networks.
The German carmaker hopes to speed up transition with continuous and robust investment, said Volkswagen Group China President and CEO Jochem Heizmann.
The company will work with its joint ventures and new partners in a wide range of new fields including tech and mobility services to provide such services to Chinese customers, said Heizmann.
Volkswagen will launch over 30 new energy vehicle models in China over the next two years, with half of the models being manufactured locally, he said.
The automaker is expected to deliver approximately 400,000 new energy vehicles in the Chinese market in 2020, with the number expected to surge to about 1.5 million vehicles in 2025.
Volkswagen's first batch of China-made electric vehicles based on its MEB platform will roll off production lines at two plants of FAW-Volkswagen and SAIC Volkswagen in 2020.
It will also work with local partners to explore building a public fast-charging network for electric vehicles in China starting from 2019.
Meanwhile, Volkswagen is accelerating the development of autonomous driving technology in China. Its Audi brand has obtained L4 automatic driving testing qualifications in Beijing and Wuxi, east China's Jiangsu Province.
The UK royal family faces a tax "nightmare" as US officials examine whether Meghan and Harry owe them a slice of their multi-million pound fortune.
The Duchess of Sussex is still an American citizen, so has to pay tax in the US, and this could extend to anyone else she draws money from, including her husband.
This could deplete both her $5 million US fortune and Prince Harry's main source of private wealth, a 300,000-pound-a-year trust fund on which he pays UK income tax.
The probe could even extend to the Queen and Prince Charles as they provide funding for the couple, aides told the Sunday Express, which reported that the royals are set to employ a team of US financial consultants to deal with the issue.
'We're looking at a level of financial exposure the Royal Family has never had to face before,' one of the aides said.
The US Internal Revenue Service is known for being extremely strict in tracking down people they believe owe them money.
Kensington Palace declined MailOnline's request for comment.
A handwritten letter written by Albert Einstein warning of the dangers of growing nationalism and anti-Semitism years before the Nazis rose to power has been sold for nearly $40,000.
The Kedem Auction House says the previously unknown letter, brought forward by an anonymous collector, fetched $39,360 in bidding in Jerusalem last Tuesday night.
Einstein wrote the letter to his sister after going into hiding in 1922 following the assassination of Germany's Jewish foreign minister by right-wing extremists.
Police had warned the Jewish scientist that his life could be in danger too.
"Here are brewing economically and politically dark times, so I'm happy to be able to get away from everything," he wrote.
Kedem says the letter was sold at roughly double its expected price.
A rare pink diamond has fetched 50.3m Swiss francs at auction, a record price per carat.
Pink Legacy, weighing in at just under 19 carats, was bought by US brand Harry Winston at auction in Geneva.
The price of around USD 2.6m per carat marked a world record for a pink diamond, according to the Europe head of auction house Christie's.
It had been valued at between USD 30-50m before sale, and was bought after only five minutes of bidding.
The diamond's new owners have rechristened it the Winston Pink Legacy.
Once owned by the Oppenheimer family, who formerly ran the De Beers mining company, the diamond was referred to as "one of the world's greatest diamonds" by Christie's international head of jewellery, Rahul Kadakia.
"You may see this colour in a pink diamond of less than one carat," Mr Kadakia said. "But this is almost 19 carats and it's as pink as can be. It's unbelievable."
A motorized wheelchair used by the late British physicist Stephen Hawking sold at auction last Thursday for almost 300,000 pounds ($391,740.00) while a dissertation raised nearly twice that at a sale to raise money for charity.
Famed for his work exploring the origins of the universe, Hawking died in March at the age of 76 after spending most of his life confined to a wheelchair with motor neurone disease.
Some of his belongings including essays, medals, awards and a copy of his book a "Brief History of Time" signed with a thumbprint were sold online alongside letters and manuscripts belonging to Isaac Newton, Charles Darwin and Albert Einstein.
Hawking's 117-page dissertation "Properties of expanding universes" from 1965 sold for 584,750 pounds, well ahead of the estimate of up to 150,000.
Medals and awards sold for 296,750 pounds, compared with an estimate of 15,000 pounds, while the red motorized wheelchair sold for 296,750 pounds, also compared with an estimate of 15,000 pounds.
Auction house Christie's ran the nine-day online auction called "On the Shoulders of Giants" to raise money for the Stephen Hawking Foundation and the Motor Neurone Disease Association.
"Stephen Hawking was a huge personality worldwide. He had this amazing ability to connect with people," Thomas Venning, head of the Books and Manuscripts department at auction house Christie's London, said ahead of the event.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba cashed a record 213.5bn yuan (￡24bn) in sales on Sunday during its 24-hour online retail frenzy Singles' Day, but the event's annual growth dropped to its slowest rate.
Shoppers in China and across the world snapped up hot items including iPhones, furniture and milk powder starting pre-dawn, with Alibaba recording roughly $10bn in sales in the first hour after midnight.
Singles' Day, also called “Double 11”, is the world's biggest online sales event, outstripping the sales of US shopping holidays Black Friday and Cyber Monday combined.
The Chinese event was originally a novelty student holiday to celebrate being single, countering Valentines Day, but has since grown into a month-long online shopping festival that peaks with a 24-hour sale on November 11.
This year, the company surpassed last year's full-day sales record of 168bn yuan in just under sixteen hours.
Despite the record haul, the annual sales growth rate fell from 39 per cent to 27 per cent, at the low end of analyst estimates, and the slowest rate in the event's 10-year history.
Earlier this month it revised down its full-year sales outlook by 4-6 per cent, sending further chills through the company's stock price.
While small appliances and cosmetics were strong on Sunday, sales in big-ticket items including large appliances slowed alongside a downturn in the housing market, Alibaba vice chairman Joe Tsai told press.
“If people aren't buying new homes, they aren't buying appliances,” he said.
The six-day China International Import Expo ended in Shanghai last Saturday, with the value of intended deals topping over $57.8 billion, according to the CIIE Bureau.
The intended transaction value of high-end intelligent equipment reached over $16.5 billion, while that for consumer electronics and appliances came at about $4.3 billion.
The automobile exhibition area saw the intended trade volume valued at about $12 billion.
The figure for apparel, accessories and consumer goods reached about $3.4 billion, while the number for food and agricultural products came in at about $12.7 billion.
Medical equipment and healthcare products registered a total intended transaction volume of about $5.8 billion, while that for trade services was about $3.2 billion.
The total value of intended deals with countries and regions involved in the Belt and Road Initiative came at about $4.7 billion, according to the CIIE Bureau.
A total of 3,617 companies from 151 countries and regions showcased their products at the expo.
Initial statistics show that at least 570 new products, technologies or service items were first released in the Chinese mainland or in the world.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group cashed a record 213.5 billion yuan in sales last Sunday during its 24-hour online retail frenzy Singles' Day.
Total sales on its platforms, including Tmall and Taobao, on Sunday represented an annual increase of about 27% from the 168.2 billion yuan a year ago, Alibaba said.
The Tmall site smashed the 10 billion-yuan threshold in just two minutes and five seconds, breaking last year's record of 3-minutes, 1-second.
The biggest spenders were from Shanghai, followed by those in Beijing, Hangzhou and Guangzhou.
According to Alibaba, more than 19,000 overseas brands from 75 countries and regions participated in this year's online shopping spree in China.
Health supplements topped the most popular imported products, with milk powder, diapers and skincare products also high on consumers' shopping lists.
Alibaba Group chief executive Daniel Zhang said the spending bonanza demonstrated "customers' continued pursuit to upgrade their everyday lifestyles".
China is now one of the top 50 economies in the world for ease of doing business, due to a record number of reforms carried out last year, according to the World Bank Group in its annual doing business report released last Wednesday.
"China advanced to a global ranking of 46 this year, up from 78 last year, as the country implemented the largest number of reforms in the East Asia and Pacific region," the report said.
Bert Hofman, World Bank country director for China, said: "China has made rapid progress in improving its business climate for domestic small and medium enterprises in the past year. The progress signals the value the government places on nurturing entrepreneurship and private enterprise."
China's reforms in areas including cutting administrative red-tape earned the country a spot in this year's top 10 global improvers, according to the report.
Progress made in the areas of starting a business and getting electricity was particularly impressive.
Since last year, three procedures were removed and consequently it now takes 9 days to start a business, on par with most OECD high-income countries.
Getting an electricity connection is also entirely free in China. Japan and the United Arab Emirates are the only two other countries in the world to have this distinction.
Apple briefly lost its USD 1tn valuation last Thursday when its shares fell 7% in after-hours trading despite posting record results.
The tech giant's strategy of charging more for its phones has paid off, with revenues jumping in the last three months despite relatively flat sales.
Revenues rose 20% to USD 62.9bn year-on-year, and profits rose 31% to USD 14.1bn.
But a warning of possible weaker sales in coming months sparked a share price slide after official trading ended.
The sell-off accelerated after Apple said it would stop disclosing the number of units sold.
Apple executives defended their decision, arguing that the figures are no longer good indicators of the firm's financial health.
Analysts, however, warned that outsiders may view it as a move that masks less sunny performance.
The total number of smartphones sold by all makers globally declined for the first time in 2017. But Apple's strategy of charging higher prices for its phones has helped it to shrug off flagging demand.
The firm sold 46.9 million iPhones in the quarter to end-September, a modest rise on the 46.7 million sold for the same period last year.
U.S. employers added a stellar 250,000 jobs last month and boosted average pay by the most in nearly a decade in an effort to attract and keep workers.
The Labor Department's monthly jobs report, the last major economic data before the Nov. 6 election, also shows the unemployment rate remained at a five-decade low of 3.7 percent.
The influx of new job-seekers lifted the proportion of Americans with jobs to the highest level since January 2009.
Consumers are the most confident they have been in 18 years and are spending freely and propelling brisk economic growth. The U.S. economy is in its 10th year of expansion, the second-longest such period on record, and October marks the 100th straight month of hiring, a record streak.
Chinese President Xi Jinping said Monday that China would take steps to widen access to its markets as he opened a huge trade fair amid criticism from other countries about China's economic and business practices.
Xi said China would lower tariffs, take more action to punish violations of intellectual property rights, and work to boost domestic consumption of imported goods.
Speaking at the trade expo in Shanghai, Xi pledged to "embrace the world" as China promotes the growing consumer market in the world's second-largest economy.
He did not mention U.S. President Donald Trump by name, but alluded to Trump's "America first" economic policies by criticizing isolationism and citing a need to defend multilateral trade.
The United States and China are locked in a battle over trade, with Trump complaining about the trade gap between the two countries and accusing China of stealing intellectual property and imposing policies that make it more difficult for U.S. companies to access the Chinese market.
Trump has announced boosted tariffs on $250 billion of Chinese goods, while China has countered with $110 billion in tariffs on U.S. products. Xi and Trump are expected to meet later this month.
The European Union has also complained about China's trade policies, including criticizing Xi for not following through on earlier reform pledges. The EU called last week for Xi to present concrete steps to opening its market.
China carried out a record number of reforms during the past year to improve the business climate for small and medium enterprises, earning the country a spot in this year’s top 10 global improvers, says the World Bank Group’s Doing Business 2019: Training for Reform report.
China implemented the largest number of reforms in the East Asia and Pacific region. As a result, China advanced to a global ranking of 46 this year, up from 78 last year.
“China has made rapid progress in improving its business climate for domestic small and medium enterprises in the past year. This progress, which now puts China among the top 50 economies in the world, signals the value the government places on nurturing entrepreneurship and private enterprise,” said Bert Hofman, World Bank Country Director for China.
Signs promoting the upcoming China International Import Expo at Lujiazui financial district in Shanghai on Oct 17, 2018. [Photo/VCG]
Starting a Business was made easier through the introduction of online registration systems and simplifying social security registrations.
Getting Electricity was made easier by expanding network capacity and making the connection process free of charge. The introduction of a new mobile application for customers has also reduced the time to obtain an electricity connection to 34 days, from 143 days.
Progress made in the areas of Starting a Business and Getting Electricity are particularly impressive. Since last year, three procedures were removed and consequently it now takes 9 days to start a business, on par with most OECD high income countries. In addition, Beijing is now one of only two cities in the world where the process of starting a business is completely free.
Getting an electricity connection is also entirely free in China. Japan and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) are the only two other countries in the world to share this distinction.
Dealing with Construction Permits was made easier by streamlining the process of obtaining building permits and certificates of completion, as well as registering new buildings with the real estate registry. Building quality controls were also improved by introducing stricter qualification requirements for professionals in the construction industry and the improvement of public access to information.
Registering Property was made easier by streamlining administrative procedures and by increasing the reliability and transparency of the land administration system.
Protection of minority investors was strengthened by increasing shareholders' rights and role in major corporate decisions, clarifying ownership and control structures and requiring reimbursement of legal expenses incurred by shareholders.
Paying Taxes was made easier by abolishing the business tax, allowing for joint filing and payment of all stamp duties and by implementing several administrative reforms to lower the compliance time.
The time and cost of Trading Across Borders was reduced by implementing a single window, eliminating administrative charges, increasing transparency and encouraging competition.
Remarkable progress has also been made on almost all components of Trading Across Borders. For instance, the cost to import (border compliance) has been reduced to $326, from $745.
China also remains one of the best economies in the world to resolve a commercial dispute. It takes 496 days and costs 16 percent of the value of the claim; far better than the OECD high income average of 582 days and 21 percent. Globally, China is ranked 6 in this area.
Despite the progress made since last year, China can do better in the area of Dealing with Construction Permits, with a global rank of 121. A business needs to complete 20 procedures in order to obtain all permits and authorization to build a warehouse in China, compared with an average of 15 procedures in the East Asia and Pacific region. Nonetheless, with the latest progress made on the building quality control index, China already performs close to the standard established by OECD high income economies with a score of 11 out of 15.
"We will look at it very critically," Johnston said of cannabis on an interview with CNBC.
"But I am not prepared to share any plans that we may have in the space right now."
But he said the company would "turn over every stone to look for growth."
"It's fair to say we look at everything, but certainly no plans at this point to do anything," Johnston said.
The stock was down 1.7 percent to $108.88 as of 9:04 a.m. in New York.
The beverages in question wouldn’t focus on THC, the psychoactive component of marijuana of which Coke has no interest, but rather CBD, which is widely used in wellness products. The proposed product would focus on easing inflammation, pain, and cramping, says Bloomberg.
Cannabis-infused drinks have been seen as a potential growth area for soda and spirits companies that have had trouble boosting sales.
Canada is set to legalize cannabis on October 17 after both houses of Parliament voted to make the drug available for recreational use.
The rich are getting richer and more numerous.
The world added 332 billionaires last year, with their cumulative wealth increasing 19% to a record $8.9 trillion, according to an annual survey from UBS and PwC.
What's behind this phenomenon? Explosive wealth creation in China.
In 2006, there were just 16 Chinese billionaires. But in 2017, the tally hit 373 - one-fifth of the global total.
The US still leads regionally, with 585 billionaires, but wealth creation in the region is slowing.
The US created 53 billionaires in 2017, compared with 87 in 2012.
In China, 106 people became billionaires in 2017. That comes out to roughly one new billionaire every three days.
China's yuan sank to a 10-year low against the dollar on Monday, coming close to breaking the politically sensitive level of seven to the U.S. currency.
The yuan declined to 6.9644 per dollar at midday, passing its most recent low in 2016 before recovering slightly. It was the lowest level since May 2008.
The currency's weakness is one of a series of elements fueling Washington's trade complaints against Beijing. The U.S. Treasury Department declined this month to label China a currency manipulator but said it was closely watching Beijing.
Chinese authorities have promised to avoid "competitive devaluation" to boost exports amid a tariff war with U.S. President Donald Trump. But they are trying to make the state-controlled exchange rate more responsive to market forces, which are pushing the yuan lower.
The level of seven yuan to the dollar has no economic significance, but could revive U.S. attention to the exchange rate.
Chinese authorities are likely to "stand their ground" and prevent a "capitulation beyond the 7 level," Mizuho Bank said in a report Monday.
The yuan, also known as the renminbi, or "people's money," has declined by almost 10 percent against the dollar since April as China's economy cooled and U.S. and Chinese interest rates went in opposite directions. That helps exporters cope with tariffs of up to 25 percent imposed by Trump on billions of dollars of Chinese goods. But it raises the risk of inflaming American complaints about Beijing's trade tactics.
A Treasury report on Oct. 17 said China failed to meet criteria to be labeled a currency manipulator, a status that can trigger sanctions. But it said Beijing was, along with Japan and Germany, on a list of governments whose currency polices would be closely monitored.
A weaker yuan also might encourage an outflow of capital from the world's second-largest economy. That would raise borrowing costs at a time when its leaders are trying to shore up cooling growth.
The People's Bank of China has been trying to make its exchange rate mechanism more efficient by increasing the role of market forces.
The exchange rate is set each morning and allowed to fluctuate by 2 percent against the dollar during the day. The central bank can buy or sell currency - or order Chinese commercial banks to do so - to dampen price movements.
Some forecasters say Beijing's stance might change if Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, make no progress at a possible meeting during a November gathering of the Group of 20 major economies.